Document all of operator CRD (#30)
restatedev/restate-operator: README.md

*   **`roles`**: An array of strings defining the functions of the nodes in the cluster. Common roles include:
    *   `worker`: Executes service code.
    *   `admin`: Provides the administration API for deployments and cluster management.
    *   `log-server`: Part of the replicated log for durable state.
    *   `metadata-server`: Manages cluster metadata, either via Raft or an object store.
    *   `http-ingress`: Exposes an HTTP endpoint for invoking services.

*   **`[metadata-client]`**: Configures how the cluster stores its core metadata. This is a critical choice for production deployments.
    *   `type = "replicated"`: Uses a built-in Raft consensus protocol. This is simpler to set up but requires careful management of the Raft cluster members.
    *   `type = "object-store"`: Uses an S3-compatible object store for metadata, which is recommended for production workloads. You must provide the `path` to the bucket.

*   **`[worker.snapshots]`**: Configures durable snapshots of service state, which is essential for fault tolerance and fast recovery.
    *   `destination`: The S3 URI where snapshots will be stored (e.g., `s3://my-bucket/snapshots`).

>     *   `snapshot-interval-num-records`: How many state-mutating records are processed before a new snapshot is taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   `snapshot-interval-num-records`: How many log records are processed in a particular partition before a new snapshot is taken.
```

*   **`auto-provision`**: A boolean that controls whether the cluster should automatically initialize itself. This should be `true` for object-store metadata but `false` when using the `replicated` (Raft) metadata store, which requires manual provisioning.

*   **Resource Management**:

>     *   `rocksdb-total-memory-size`: Sets the total memory allocated to RocksDB, which Restate uses for its internal state storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   `rocksdb-total-memory-size`: Sets the total memory allocated to RocksDB, which Restate uses for its internal state storage. Typically 75% of the memory requests for the pod is appropriate
```
